# [2402. Meeting Rooms III](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms-iii/description/)

## Approach

We first sort all the meetings in chronological order. Then for each meeting we
find the best time. To do this we maintain a vector which has the end time of
the last meeting that happened in each room. The best room for the current
meeting is either the unused room with the lowest index at the start time of the
meeting or if all rooms are booked at the start time of the current meeting then
the best room is the room with the earliest end time. After finding the best
room we update the number of bookings for the best room and update then new end
time for the best room. Then we iterate for all meetings. Finally we return the
index of the room with the most bookings.

## Complexity

If N is the number of rooms and M is the number of meetings.

-   Time: `O(Mlog(M) + MN)` => `O(Mlog(M))`. Since `N <=100`.
-   Space: `O(N)` => `O(1)`. Since `N <= 100`.

## Code

```cpp
class Solution {
   public:
    int mostBooked(int n, vector<vector<int>> &meetings) {
        // Vector to store the total number of meetings for each room.
        vector<int> bookings(n, 0);

        // Vector to store the end time of the last meeting that happened in
        // a given room.
        vector<long long> room_end(n, 0);

        // Sort the meetings to process the meetings in chronological order.
        sort(meetings.begin(), meetings.end());

        // For each meeting find the best room for it to occur in and then
        // update `bookings` and `room_end`
        for (auto &meeting : meetings) {
            long long start = meeting[0];
            long long end = meeting[1];

            long long best_room_end = LLONG_MAX;
            int best_room = -1;

            // Iteratre over all rooms to find the best room for the current
            // meeting. I.e find the room with the earliest end time.
            for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
                if (best_room_end > room_end[i]) {
                    best_room_end = room_end[i];
                    best_room = i;

                    // If the room is currently unused stop looking. This is due
                    // to Rule 1, the unused room with the lowest index is to be
                    // used first.
                    if (room_end[i] <= start)
                        break;
                }
            }

            // Update the number of bookings for the best room.
            bookings[best_room]++;

            // Update the new end time of the last meeting in the room.
            room_end[best_room] = ((room_end[best_room] <= start)
                                       ? end
                                       : (room_end[best_room] + end - start));
        }

        // Return the index of the room with the maximum number of bookings.
        return distance(bookings.begin(),
                        max_element(bookings.begin(), bookings.end()));
    }
};
```
